Add art

hero - unicorn
enemeies
bauce
colors
portal
boxes
bullets?
effects?


Main Bauce

Mini Bauce?

More Enemies

Color Powers

When you collect a color it goes to your inventory but with 0 uses. Stand next to boxes of the same color and drain them to increment your color uses. Then use a color power (below) at any time with either (1-7 on keyboard numpad (instantly uses that color power) or by using keys/dpad to select color in inventory then button/key to Use Power)

More Color Effect Powers

 just flash yellow/black/white
 think that could go for all colors as well. You flash Red when you shoot fire etc
turn orange when shield is in use

Green - gain one health each use

Orange - Force shield Auto shield block for 1 second. Blocks all damage and projectiles

Red - I love the Red Fire 3 round burst. We could turn the bullets red. Wish list: Burn damage

Yellow - invuln flash colors for 7-10 seconds, no damage taken at all, countdown clock

Blue - Charge Shot, blue of course, does 6x damage and breaks armor, 2 to 3 sec charge time

Indigo - Screen wipe, few seconds of flash with indigo/white/black, cool fx to go with, enemy disintegrate, damage over time (enough to kill most regular enemies), even wipes bullets

Violet - MUSHROOM that makes only you super fast, aka slows down everything else to half speed


Color Order

1) Green - Health
2) Orange - Shield
3) Blue - Charge
4) Red - Fire Burst
5) Yellow - Invuln
6) Indigo - Wipe
7) Violet - Slow Speed


Ideas

End of Level stats page

Enemy Kills versus Total enemies

Shot hit

Shots fired

Accuracy (shots hit versus shots fired)

Powers used


Reduce Music Volume on Paused versus pausing the music too


Level Outline and General Rules

Must collect Color piece in level to have Portal take you to next level
On death, you start the level over
On death, you lose all color power USES (not colors but the color uses drained from color boxes)
On death, must collect the Color in the current level again, even if you collected it before dying

Level 1
All black boxes, white floor, no enemies, Green (Health replenish) color to collect. Also tutorial level, display instructions controls mechanics, etc.

Level 2
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, Seekers only, Orange (Shield) color to collect

Level 3
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, dark brown sparse grass, Seekers and Roamers, Blue (Charge Shot) color to collect

Level 4
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, lighter brown less sparse grass, Seekers, Roamers, and TurtTurt, Red (Fire Burst) color to collect

Level 5
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, pale green grass, Seekers, Roamers, and TurtTurt, Yellow (Invuln) color to collect

Level 6
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, darker green grass more of it, Seekers, Roamers, and TurtTurt, Indigo (Wipe) color to collect

Level 7
Black boxes w/all previous colors mixed in, green floor, lush grass everywhere, Seekers, Roamers, and TurtTurt, Violet (Slow Speed) color to collect

Level 8
Final Bauce level, boxes are ALL colored, must use all powers to destroy Bauce before being destroyed, Bauce possibly spawns above minions randomly




